Oct 19
Office Relocation:
Dr. Jarrio has moved offices in Howey, from C-201 to W-204, effective immediately.
Oct 19
Final Examination:
The Final Exam for all sections of 2211 will be held during Period One, on Monday December 7, from 8:00am to 10:50am. Note that this is the standard time slot that is normally assigned to MWF 8:00 classes—physics has been assigned this slot as well, so that both sections can take their exams together. Unfortunately, this will create a conflict for those students who already have a class using the Period One exam slot.
We are asking all students to review their full exam schedule carefully (and soon), to determine whether or not not the 2211 exam will result in a conflict:
A Class One Conflict occurs when two exams are scheduled for the same time period. If you have any other Period One exam, you have a Class One Conflict. Thus, any student who has a MWF 8:00 class will automatically have a Class One Conflict.
 
A Class Two Conflict occurs when three exams are scheduled for the same day. If you have three exams (including Physics) on Monday December 7, you have a Class Two Conflict.
In order for us to start making conflict arrangements, we need to to first determine who, precisely, has a conflict. In addition we need to know this information soon enough to finalize a conflict roster, identify a suitable time for the Conflict Exam, and reserve a location through the Office of Space Planning (ahhh, bureaucracy). This all must be finalized before the Institute deadline for final exam arrangements: Monday, November 23.
As a means of identifying those students with conflicts, we have created a brief conflict-related poll on WebAssign. We've set the deadline for this assignment as Monday, November 9 (giving us two weeks to work out details before the Institute deadline). Please complete this poll at your earliest opportunity—and please, take the time to make sure you understand your exam schedule fully (review the posted exam schedule and compare it carefully to your schedule). If you mistakenly report "no conflict" on the poll, not only will we not take your schedule into account when we set up the Conflict Exam, but also you will be operating under the mistaken assumption that you have no conflict, and will have an unpleasant surprise, come Exam Week! (And once Exam Week arrives, there's probably nothing we can do to accommodate your conflict, at short notice.)
Oct 14
Public Lectures
A schedule of Public Lectures that may be used to earn Bucket Points has been determined. All lectures will be held in CULC 144, at 7pm. Other public lecture opportunities may be added to this list, if any other suitable lectures should come to our attention.
Urinating Mammals - David Hu, Monday, Oct 19.
Great Pacific Garbage Patch - Tuesday, Nov 10.
Softmatter - Peter Yunker, Monday, Nov 30.
Attendance data for these lectures will be collected via a two-tier system:
Your presence at the actual lecture itself will be recorded via the TurningPoint system, so be sure to bring your clicker to the lecture. The system will be enabled approximately 10 minutes after the talk begins. Students using clickers should choose channel 69. Students using ResponseWare on a mobile device should use the Session ID on the whiteboard at the front of the lecture hall. Send any "answer" to record your presence.
 
In addition, all students attending the lecture will be expected to complete a short summary assignment on WebAssign. You will be expected to answer some brief essay questions whose purpose is to confirm that you really were present at the lecture and paying attention to the speaker. (You might want to review the assignment beforehand, to familiarize yourself with the questions you will be asked.)
Remember: you are receiving academic credit toward this course for attending public lectures as an active listener. It is a violation of the spirit of the Honor Code for you to show up for the lecture to get the points, but then tune out to do something else on the internet while you are there.
Oct 08
Exam Two Results
Results of the exam have been posted to T-Square, under the PostEm tab. The test average across both sections was 78%, with about two-thirds of students earning scores of 75% or better. (Note that a 75% test average is usually sufficient to earn a B in the course, for a student who is careful to maximize their Bucket Points.) Exams will be returned in recitation next week. (Yes, there is recitation, next week!)
View Old Announcements